Relationship -
Had a break-up recently ? Still in relationship but waiting for your mate to initiate the talks to sort it all out ? Are you thinking "Why should I, after all it was he/she who ruined it first" ? Are you too afraid to talk to your mate about some personal fear ? Do you fear about your/his/her ex ruining your current relationship ? Do you want to just finish it off forever ? Or are you simply afraid of starting a new relationship with your good friend ?

Career - 
Are you worried of your career path?Do you feel low seeing your friends and cousins scaling new heights in their career? Are you worried of not getting enough time for your CAT/GRE/TOEFL/UPSC etc preparation?
Are you left behind in the career due to investing your precious years in unsuccessful attempts at some highly competitive examination or due to the family situations ? Stuck in a wrong job profile for months now ?

Boss - 
Working too hard till late nights but not getting enough credits? Fed up of the petty office politics? The unworthy co-worker got a raise or promotion ? Is your manager taking all the credit for the work you have done? Are you not allowed to take enough leaves because of the uneven distribution of work in the team? Is your voice being supressed by your boss in the official meetings? Is your boss willfully hiding your talent from top management ? Are you getting wrongly blamed for something a co-worker or your boss has screwed up? 

Life -
Are you feeling very low ? Do you think the circumstances have made you paralyzed ? Are you facing multitude of confusing options ? Do you feel cheated ? Do you regret for something, now you feel can not be reversed ? Have you faced a heavy monetary loss ? Someone insulted you ? The God has been too unfair with you ? Do you think it was the worst decision of your life ? Are you getting tortured ? Are you afraid of speaking it loud ? Someone blackmailing you ?

Common-
We all feel sometimes that this world is not a fair place. We are honest but the ones we deal with are not.We have myriad problems and we wish only if we had someones who could understand us. We need to discuss things and sort them out. There is no one like an understanding friend, who sometimes may not offer you the right solution in first go, but he is always there to discuss things with you and make them easy for you to solve. When you finally overcome the situation, you know it was your friend who helped you out. We wish to be that friend of yours. 








  
